ðŸš€ Application initializing...
script.js:2529 Loading tasks from database...
db.js:55 Attempting to load tasks from API...
db.js:69 âœ… Tasks loaded from Replit Database API
script.js:2532 Database response received: data found
script.js:2541 Found saved tasks in localStorage: 18 tasks
script.js:2552 Using 18 tasks from storage
script.js:2585 Using tasks from storage with fixed boolean values
script.js:2621 Building tree with tasks: Array(18)
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fire, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fast, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: flow, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fear, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: first, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fire, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fast, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: flow, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fear, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: first, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fire, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fast, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: flow, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fear, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: first, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fire, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fast, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: flow, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fear, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: first, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fire, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fast, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: flow, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fear, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: first, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fire, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fast, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: flow, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fear, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: first, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fire, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fast, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: flow, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fear, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: first, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fire, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fast, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: flow, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fear, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: first, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fire, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fast, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: flow, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fear, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: first, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fire, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fast, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: flow, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fear, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: first, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fire, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fast, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: flow, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fear, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: first, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fire, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fast, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: flow, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fear, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: first, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fire, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fast, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: flow, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fear, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: first, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fire, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fast, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: flow, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fear, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: first, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fire, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fast, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: flow, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fear, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: first, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fire, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fast, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: flow, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fear, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: first, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fire, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fast, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: flow, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fear, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: first, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fire, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fast, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: flow, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fear, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: first, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fire, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fast, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: flow, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fear, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: first, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fire, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fast, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: flow, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fear, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: first, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fire, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fast, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: flow, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fear, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: first, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fire, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fast, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: flow, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fear, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: first, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fire, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fast, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: flow, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fear, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: first, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fire, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fast, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: flow, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fear, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: first, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fire, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fast, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: flow, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fear, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: first, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fire, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fast, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: flow, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fear, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: first, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fire, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fast, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: flow, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fear, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: first, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fire, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fast, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: flow, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fear, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: first, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fire, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fast, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: flow, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fear, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: first, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fire, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fast, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: flow, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fear, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: first, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fire, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fast, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: flow, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fear, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: first, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fire, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fast, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: flow, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fear, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: first, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fire, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fast, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: flow, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fear, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: first, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fire, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fast, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: flow, isActive=false
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: fear, isActive=true
script.js:513 Creating priority flag: first, isActive=false
script.js:2649 Application initialized successfully
:3000/favicon.ico:1 
            
            
           Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 (Not Found)Understand this error
db.js:31 âœ… Tasks saved to Replit Database API